Add instructions for configuring Rancher hostname in air-gapped env (#1177)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/product/atip-management-cluster.adoc

----

> - Update the `kubernetes/helm/values/rancher.yaml` file to modify the `hostname` parameter. In air-gapped environments, external DNS resolution services like sslip.io are not accessible. You have two options:

Reviewer: Should sslip.io be monospaced? 

```suggestion
- Update the `kubernetes/helm/values/rancher.yaml` file to modify the `hostname` parameter. In air-gapped environments, external DNS resolution services like `sslip.io` are not accessible. You have two options:
```

.. *Option 1: Use internal DNS* (Recommended): Configure your internal DNS server to resolve the Rancher hostname and update the file accordingly:
+
[,yaml,subs="attributes"]
----
hostname: rancher.yourdomain.internal
bootstrapPassword: "foobar"
replicas: 1
global:
  cattle:
    systemDefaultRegistry: "registry.rancher.com"
----

> .. *Option 2: Use /etc/hosts injection*: If you don't have an internal DNS server, you can inject a static `/etc/hosts` entry via EIB. Create a file at `eib/os-files/etc/hosts` in your EIB directory structure with content like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. *Option 2: Use /etc/hosts injection*: If you do not have an internal DNS server, you can inject a static `/etc/hosts` entry via EIB. Create a file at `eib/os-files/etc/hosts` in your EIB directory structure with content like:
```
